hey everyone this is another keyboard
review Tristan here you're looking at
the Unicom space saver keyboard by
Unicom can be found at PC keyboard com
it has buckling spring keys just like
the IBM model M which you can see a
review of in one of my other youtube
videos also Unicom makes sort of a clone
of the IBM model M called the customizer
104 this keyboard is almost identical to
the customizer 104 except that you'll
notice the casing is a little bit
smaller the border around the actual
keys is less so it takes up less space
on your desk and therefore that's why
they call it the space saver it's kind
of nice to have a little bit of a
slimmer smaller keyboard especially if
you use the mouse a lot because your
mouse is a little bit closer to you
which can be you know a little bit more
comfortable but as for the keys it does
have the buckling spring technology let
me type on it so you can get a sense of
how it sounds and feels it's got a nice
tactile feel to it so um it's got a
clicky you know feel to it and I really
highly recommend the buckling spring
technology for keyboards I think they've
got the best feel of any keyboard that
I've tried before let me go out a little
bit and you can see how it looks on my
desk this particular space saver people
I mean yeah keyboard comes also in a
beige color as well but I opted for the
black with the grey keys because it
matches my monitor and then it also
matches my computer and you know printer
and stuff over there so it looks pretty
nice and modern and it also comes in USB
or ps2 as well so you have your choice
there
let me type on it a little bit more so
you can get a sense of how it sounds
the keyboard itself feels very sturdy it
weighs about three pounds six ounces
the equivalent customizr one of four
ways of how weighs about three pounds
eleven ounces so it's pretty close it's
got a nice pretty heavy you know solid
feel to it although not quite as solid
and heavy as the customizer 104 and
certainly not as solid and heavy as the
IBM model M the IBM model M keyboard I
think is about five pounds or maybe even
over five pounds so that one has a you
know super sturdy and solid feel of
course they don't make those exactly
anymore so you have to find old ones
they only made those from the mid 80s to
you know mid 90s or so but you know
these are roughly equivalent made by the
same company
well not the same company but the
company that holds the patent to make
the buckling spring keyboards now they
actually acquired a lot of the tooling
and you know patents and stuff from IBM
actually you know themselves actually
was the division of IBM called Lexmark
you know essentially IBM sold their
keyboard division to Lexmark and Lexmark
then sold it to you know comp they're
made in America in Lexington Kentucky
and again this is a keyboard that I
highly recommend for anyone who types on
a keyboard a lot you know a programmer
or writer or just anyone who uses their
computer quite a bit one quick note
about this video it's being taped on the
iPhone 3GS and one of the things I
noticed is the iPhone 3GS has kind of
low audio so I'm not uploading this
video directly from the iPhone to
YouTube I'm actually copying it to my
computer first via image capture and
then I am running the I'm going to
process the audio levels first of all
I'm going to compress the auto an audio
a little bit into the AAC mpeg-4 format
and then I'm going to also use the
automatic volume adjustment so that the
audio is a little bit louder you'll
probably notice the audio sounds really
nice and crisp and loud the iPhone 3GS
does not give you audio like this right
out of the you know
right out-of-the-box stock so I'm going
to process it a little bit and I'm using
an application that's free called MPEG
stream clip and you can download that at
I believe it's squared by squared v so
squared then the number five comm it's
pretty easy to do and I just basically
save the video out with the h.264 codec
and I use and then I just adjust the
audio so it's got the auto auto volume
adjustment which yields for a much
better audio I will leave you with this
on this video with me typing let me get
an overhead shot too so you can just
sort of see see the keyboard a little
bit and now I'll leave you with me
typing on it so you can get more of a
sense of how it feels I think it's got
an awesome sound to it any questions or
comments please feel free to leave them
and also please rate this video take
care